I'm Julian Julian Arnie I work in the
company called monadic
I along with the variously one or two
other people have been working on this
project called radical and radical is a
peer-to-peer code collaboration platform
and what that means is you don't need a
centralized server like you get out but
you get the same functionality you can
interact with people you can open issues
you can see pull requests and respond to
them and whatnot in addition to that
it's also as part of the process of
developing that we've also built a sort
of infrastructure a stack that allows
you to build applications dynamic
applications on top of the stack that
can be doing things that are quite
different than code collaboration or
they can be sort of additions to
modifications of this collaboration
stack so that it reflects more what you
or your project or your collaborators or
your company need so in addition to
being peer-to-peer it also gives you
more control than you would have if
you're using something like github to
host your code without having to wait
for the powers-that-be to accept that
the feature that you urgently need is
worth implementing if that ever happens
so the radical still somewhat in its
early phase so there have been people
who have been using it for for sort of
playing around so one thing that's
changed as more recently that's made
this more urgent is the sense that these
large corporations that get that control
much of what we do aren't there to
benefit us altogether or don't have our
own interests in their mind and this has
become more and more apparent recently
as well github being what my Microsoft
has seemed to a lot of people like a
rallying cry for an alternative and so
from that perspective there's this
moment that maybe started started having
force but came into focus
in the past two or three years that
makes people understand that it's worth
trying to you know invest in coming up
with new technology even if at first it
has kinks the thing that excites me most
about AFS in the near future is getting
the things that already they're
downright I saw the IPS is sometimes low
observer as well and sort of it's
understandable it makes sense to start
that as a sort of an experiment but
hopefully there's been enough interest
demonstrated by various of their
projects besides radical as well as
radical for there to be more work to
making making that work really well
where we imagine radical going is really
sort of going from this early alpha
prototype stage that is really usable
but others had has corner cases and
kinks into something that's much more
production ready and that you can
entrust with your data